Fill up `Interactions` (#11)
DisnakeDev/guide: docs/200-interactions/201-interactions.md

# What are interactions?

> An **Interaction** is the message that your bot receives when a user uses application command or a message component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **Interaction** is the message that your bot receives when a user initiates an application command or a message component.
```

## Interactions and Bot Users

We're all used to the way that Discord bots have worked for a long time.

> You make an application in [Dev Portal]({{ devportal }}), add bot user to it, and copy the token. Interaction bring something entirely new: the ability to interact with an application *without needing a bot user in the guild*. Responding doesn't require a bot token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You make an application in [Developer Portal]({{ devportal }}), make a new bot user, and copy the token. Interactions bring something entirely new - the ability to interact with an application *without needing a bot user in the guild*. Responding to the interaction doesn't require a bot token.
```

> `disnake` fully focused on using the gateway events, so you still need a bot user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`disnake` is primarily focused on using the gateway events, so you still need a bot user.
```

> Check out [`hikari-py`](https://github.com/hikari-py/hikari) with their REST-API part for this purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out [`hikari-py`](https://github.com/hikari-py/hikari) with their REST-API part for this purpose.
```

Welcome to the new world.

> ## Responding to interaction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Responding to interactions
```

You have only 3 seconds to respond to the interaction.
If do not have time to do it, Discord will shown "This interaction failed" error.

In fact, there are 3 types of interactions:

- [`ApplicationCommandInteraction`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#applicationcommandinteraction) (for [application commands](./202-application-commands))
- [`MessageInteraction`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#messageinteraction) (for [message components](./203-message-components))
- [`Interaction`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#interaction) (a base class, usually not used)

But responding is the same for both interactions types.

### `interaction.response`

> [`response`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.Interaction.response) attribute returns [`InteractionResponse`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse) instance that have 4 useable methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`response`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.Interaction.response) attribute returns a [`InteractionResponse`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse) instance that has 4 usable methods.
```

A response can **only be done once**. If you want to send secondary messages, consider using [`followup`]({{ disnakedocs }}//api.html#disnake.Interaction.followup) webhook instead.

1. [`send_message`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse.send_message) - Sends response message
2. [`edit_message`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse.edit_message) - Edits original message, you're unable to use this in application command because there are no message while you responding
3. [`defer`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse.defer) - Defers the interaction
4. [`is_done`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse.is_done) - Indicates whether an interaction response has been done before

!!! Note
    [`defer`]({{ disnakedocs }}/api.html#disnake.InteractionResponse.defer) works differently depending on the type of interaction.
    It creates *"Bot is thinking..."* message for application commands and

>     don't throw *"This interaction failed"* if you're not going to respond for message components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    doesn't throw *"This interaction failed"* if you're not going to respond to message components.
```

!!! Note

>     If you're going to run long stuff (more than 3 seconds) while responding you must first defer the interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you're going to run long processes (more than 3 seconds) while responding, you must first defer the interaction.
```
